The military out for battle
Sorry. There's one bigger problem.
The general government,
as I restoring the position I've given,
I
palace has sent
the 잡 was of the army
He said that by teaching the right of our people in such a ways
that one can live an easy life which is …
… not only easy to live but also worthwhile…
... that the people hunger for a proper life afer thelaughing of animals.
But this man delivered an useless speech for the enemy that time.
Any messengers who shows gratitude for his kindness
and wishes of gratitude will be handed down to his probe- офents.
Through them,
I, along with my image and love of the soldier,
become known to you no less.
You may begin to enter
What I do is restarting our way forward from this reality.
The end.